338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: api/continuous-aggregates/index.md

---
title: Continuous aggregates

> excerpt: Tiger CloudAPI reference for calculating continuous aggregates on your data. Includes SQL functions and views related to creating, altering, and dropping continuous aggregates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: TimescaleDB reference for calculating continuous aggregates on your data. Includes SQL functions and views related to creating, altering, and dropping continuous aggregates
```
